within a celebrated castle on grounds
that have for generations turn victory
into legacy a quest for greatness
has been unleashed
it is here you will find a battle-tested
night out to defend his motorized rain
quiet calm and bulletproof confidence he
will take off
leading a new charge upon story bricks
forged from
is made of soil
The Prodigy out to prove his mettle were
ancient
and the wise warrior standing on the
edge of untied
he steps once more steely eye into the
breach
ask numbers count for nothing when you
enter this
what has been true here for a hundred
years will be true again today
victory on this legendary ray
everlasting mark
as sure as if it were set in stone
history and tradition meets opportunity
it's the once a year chance to win it in
the Annapolis for NASCAR Sprint Cup
Series drivers the 16th Brickyard 400 is
about to begin on these grounds where
auto racing began some 100 years ago all
the Dreaming designing and diligent
preparations are past now it's almost
time to compete to try and win and Allen
in that time I think today our caution
history is still gonna show five to
seven caution flags the guys that take
advantage of those pit stops and
strategy to get out front are gonna be
Keaney and I think fuel mileage is still
gonna be important today tell you what
this guy right here needs a good run he
really does Brett yeah he's done a good
job qualifying Bill Elliott obviously
most popular driver he's up front I
think too tired today's gonna be huge
guys gonna have to be smart pick up
those two tires on pit stop in order to
get track position because it's so
difficult to pass at this racetrack a
lot of racing stories a lot of strategy
in the end the history and Indianapolis
tells us that the big time drivers the
big-name drivers tend to win here you
look at the list of winners of this race
over the years most come from the
rosters of NASCAR champions as well and
once again that big stage awaits for
someone today to shine will it be a Mark
Martin getting his first Indy win will
it be Tony Stewart his team huddling
there claiming a third victory this time
carrying the number of his childhood
hero AJ Floyd to Victory Lane the time
to find out begins shortly let's go for
the opening ceremony
ladies and gentlemen please rise and
remove your hats for today's invocation
to be delivered by a reverend howard
Brammer for many oh god these are
hallowed grounds the motor-racing
capitol of the world
which has provided racing excitement for
millions of people for the past century
as we surround this famous oval as we
consider the enormity of this crowd and
the magnitude of this event we are
thankful for the Indianapolis Motor
Speedway and we are mindful of our right
to life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness as these 43 engines come to
life according to your providence we
invoke your blessing upon this event
which we trust will result in the safety
of every driver crew member and
spectator and finally Lord we remember
our military personnel around the world
protecting the freedoms and rights of
this great land we call home may
appreciation of its Liberty equal the
bravery of its defense so god bless our
troops bless our nation bless this event
I pray in the name of Jesus Christ amen
ladies and gentlemen please
remain standing please remain standing
welcome interpreter Kristen Santos and
up-and-coming Nashville country music
artist Indiana's own Casey Jamerson
leading us in the singing of our
national anthem one super and the
twilight's last gleaming whose broad
stripes and bright stars through the
perilous fight o'er the ramparts we
watched were so gallantly streaming
gave proof through the night that our
flag was still there oh say does that
star-spangled banner
well
the drivers tell you they like to treat
this like it's any other race from
experience we know that that moment
right now when it's time to clear the
grid and for the drivers to climb aboard
it's not just any other race from them
they know it's Indianapolis and they
know this is their once a year chance to
win the engines fire when we come back
to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway the
Brickyard 400 at Indianapolis Motor
Speedway presented by Golden Corral for
around 10 bucks no place can match
Golden Corral